{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
[B]Vhaerun's Close to Real Life Homestead Package - Version 1.0[/B]\par
\par
Author: Vhaerun\par
Co-Authors: Alari, Crystal, Dracana, Korbas\par
\par
Release Date: 26 July, 2006\par
\par
This is a large expansion of Alari's food script for RunUO 1.0 that was updated for RunUO 2.0 RC1 by myself. The CRL Homestead Package is actually four systems that work together. The details of each of these four systems are listed below. Most of these packages are based off of older scripts, either for RunUO 1.0 or 2.0. The CRL package is scripted to run in RunUO 2.0 RC1. The system has been tested rather extensively by myself and my co-admin, and it compiles correctly. Author support will be given to the base scripts here, but not for altered scripts included in this system.\par
\par
The CRL Homestead package was designed to give players that like to harvest and cook food a larger selection, as well as moving the cooking skill a step closer to what it is like in real life. The brewing and juicing systems work off the cooking skill instead of the inscription skill, though it's easily modified if desired. Modification of any of these systems is not recommended due to the fact that they are designed to work in tandem.\par
\par
[B]Vhaerun's CRL Brewing System:[/B]\par
A variation of Dracana's Winecrafting system, with a little addition from Aventae's BrewEngine, the CRL Brewing System is a comprehensive brewing system for brewing mead, ale, and hard apple cider. Each type uses Brewer's Tools to make kegs of each type, and a Brewery Label Tool is included to work with this system, just as in Dracana's Winecrafting. There are different types of bottles for each type of brewing (mead/ale/cider), and each have a special type of exceptional label. Mead and ale have "Black Label". Cider has "Reserve Dark". There are also four different types of hops for the ale and mead. These include bitter, snow, elven, and sweet. This system, as it is, requires the CRL Crop System, though DefBrewing can be altered to remove the ingredient BagOfSugar or change it. I think that is the only crossover with this system.\par
\par
[B]Vhaerun's CRL Juicing System:[/B]\par
Another variation off of Dracana's Winecrafting, this is for making juices from 23 different fruits that are included in the CRL Crop System listed below. The Juicing System works in the same way the Brewing System does, however it doesn't take seven days for the juice to ferment. It is set for a fermentation length of 1 second, to make the system more realistic. This system, as it is, also requires the CRL Crop System, as many of the juices available draw upon the extended amounts of fruits in the crop system.\par
\par
[B]Vhaerun's CRL Crop System[/B]\par
A modified and expanded version of Alari's crop scripts in her food system, the CRL Crop System has been tested extensively and works as it is. This system is a stand-alone system, able to be installed without the other systems, though alterations to distro files might be necessary. What this system does is allow players to plant, grow, and harvest over 70 different crops ranging from almonds to wheat. There are two types of base crops in this system, which include BaseCrop and BaseTree, both originally scripted by Alari (I believe). Included with this system is Korbas's Wild Crop package, which includes 13 types of crops capable of being spawned by a regular spawner.\par
\par
New millable crops in this package include: cocoa, coffee, cornmeal, oats, ricemeal, soy, and sugar. Most all the new crops/foods are used in the CRL Cooking System, so this is required if you want to use that system. Some of the plantable crops come from Alari's expansive system, though most are brand new. Alari's mushroom garden is also included with this package. Please note that the included modified distro script TasteID.cs will be required for the mushroom garden.\par
\par
[B]Vhaerun's CRL Cooking System[/B]\par
\par
This is the largest system, and the reason I was somewhat cajoled into doing this entire package. Included in this package are:\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]Base Cooking System:[/U] Modified from Alari's CookableFood system, it allows certain foods to be cooked over an open fire or other heat source. This does have Alari's extended cakemix types and uncooked pizzas that take just about any topping you could ever think of.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]New Cooking Types:[/U] There are now four distinct types of cooking that include Cooking, Baking, Boiling, and Grilling. Cooking is more of a preperation type, putting ingredients together. Baking, Boiling, and Grilling are the more "cooking" types of cooking, each requiring it's own tool which is more closely tied into what it actually does. For example, you need a frying pan to do any grilling. Each of them are, of course, based on the cooking skill to give those that enjoy using the skill as much challenge and difference as a blacksmith, tailor, or tinker.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]New Foods and Recipes:[/U] I don't know how many there are. There are a lot. I'm thinking there are about fifty new types of food that have been placed in the four different cooking types. These include such things as new pizzas, sauces, vegetables, desserts, breads, pies, and a host of others.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]Dinner Foods and Plates:[/U] Modified from Alari's Container Food system, there are now about two dozen "dinners" that require plates to put together. Eating the food from the plate will make the plate "dirty", and require washing.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]Alari's Community Beehive:[/U] Slightly modified to run with distro files, it's a good way to get jars of honey, which are required in many of the recipies. All credit goes to Alari. I only modified the system to run under 2.0.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]Crystal's Cheese System:[/U] Unmodified from the original, save to make it compile in RunUO 2.0 RC1, this system is included to make the system more "close to real life", which is most of the point of this entire system. It works well, is a wonderful system, and is why it is included here. I did no modifications to this, so credit goes to Crystal.\par
\par
[B]-=-[/B] [U]New Animal Meat:[/U] In the distro modifications folder, there are some animals that were used in Alari's Food system which work excellently. These are slightly modified from the original modified scripts Alari did, and include a new animal, turkey.\par
\par
I've also cleaned up much of Alari's scripts, including removing the burnt food system, the bugged chickens, and many other obsolete scripts that were not being used or didn't fit with this system. However, I did not remove Alari's (or anyone else's) name from the original scripts if they were done by someone else. I didn't add any kind of headings to any of these files because, frankly, there's just too damn many to do. \par
\par
These four systems are designed to work together. You're free to install any or all of them, though they do seem to work better with all of them there for obvious reasons. If you have Alari's Food 1.0.0 system, you'll have to remove it to install these. I am including Alari's Modified Readme file with these scripts along with a readme of the following instructions:\par
\par
[B]Instructions:[/B]\par
\par
-- Rename/remove the following distro scripts:\par
\tab - everything in Scripts\\Items\\Food except for: BeverageEmpty.cs, Asian.cs, and Bowls.cs\par
\tab - CreateFood.cs\par
\tab - DefCooking.cs\par
\tab - FoodDecay.cs\par
\tab - TasteID.cs\par
\tab - Boar.cs\par
\tab - Chicken.cs\par
\tab - Pig.cs\par
\tab - Sheep.cs\par
\tab - Cow.cs\par
\tab - Bull.cs\par
\par
-- Unzip the CRL package system and drop into your Customs folder. Restart your shard.\par
\par
Updates planned:\par
\tab - Coffee brewing that will remove points of BAC from a player.\par
\tab - Alcohol brewing including vodka, rum, whiskey, etc.\par
\tab - More food and recipes.\par
\tab - Vhaerun's CRL Flower Planting System\par
\tab - Extensive Asian/SE foods and recipes.\par
\par
My thanks to Alari, Dracana, Korbas, and Crystal who provided the base scripts off which this system was designed. If it wasn't for them, I'd have had a hell of a time doing all this myself. ;) If you have anything you'd like to see in the CRL Homestead system, let me know and I will see what I can do about including it. Enjoy.\par
}
 